Fix zlib copy of zlib files that were not correctly updated (#1387)
iTwin/imodel-native: iModelCore/libsrc/compress/VendorAPI/zlib/README.txt

When updating zlib package please note tht you will need to update the 2 .h files in this dir with the new ones located in compress/zlib.

> Also you will need to update iModelCore/libsrc/png/vendor/pnglibconf.h to have use the correct version so zlib

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When updating zlib package please note that you will need to update the 2 .h files in this dir with the new ones located in compress/zlib.
Also you will need to update iModelCore/libsrc/png/vendor/pnglibconf.h to use indicate the correct zlib version
```

I'm not sure where you were going with the "so zlib". If my suggestion isn't good, fix the comment however you like.

Reviewer: Side note: if the PNG header isn't updated, it will trigger a compiler error, correct?

Author: yeah this will fail during build if not updated
